CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to tokyo-night-tmux

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the tokyo-night-tmux project! We welcome contributions from the community to help improve and enhance the project. To ensure a smooth collaboration process, please follow the guidelines outlined below.

## Before Making a Pull Request

1. **Open an Issue**: Before starting to work on a new feature or bug fix, please open an issue on the GitHub repository. This allows for discussion and helps avoid duplication of efforts. Clearly describe the problem or feature you want to address in the issue.

2. **Discuss and Assign**: Once an issue is opened, the maintainers will review it and provide feedback. If the issue is approved, it will be assigned to you, indicating that you can start working on it.

## Making a Pull Request

1. **Fork the Repository**: Fork the tokyo-night-tmux repository to your own GitHub account.

2. **Create a Branch**: Create a new branch from the `next` branch in your forked repository. Use a descriptive name for your branch that reflects the purpose of your changes.

3. **Make Changes**: Implement your changes or additions to the codebase in your branch. Ensure that your code follows the project's coding style and conventions.

4. **Pre-Commit Checks**: Before committing your changes, run the pre-commit checks to ensure your code passes all the necessary tests and checks. Run the following command:
   ```
   pre-commit run --all-files
   ```
   Make sure all pre-commit checks pass successfully.

5. **Commit Changes**: Commit your changes with a clear and descriptive commit message. Follow the Conventional Commits specification for commit message formatting. Refer to the [Conventional Commits summary](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary) for more details.

6. **Push Changes**: Push your branch to your forked repository on GitHub.

7. **Open a Pull Request**: Open a pull request from your branch to the `next` branch of the main tokyo-night-tmux repository. Provide a clear title and description for your pull request, explaining the changes you have made and referencing any related issues.

8. **Resolve Conflicts**: If your pull request has conflicts with the `next` branch, please resolve them by rebasing your branch on top of the latest `next` branch and resolving any merge conflicts that arise.

9. **Review and Feedback**: The maintainers will review your pull request and provide feedback or request changes if necessary. Please be responsive to the feedback and make the required changes.

10. **Merge**: Once your pull request has been approved and passes all the necessary checks, it will be merged into the `next` branch by the maintainers.

## Important Notes

- All pull requests must be made against the `next` branch. Pull requests made directly to the `main` branch will not be accepted.
- Ensure that your pull request does not have any conflicts with the `next` branch. Resolve any conflicts before submitting the pull request.
- Make sure your pull request passes all the pre-commit checks by running `pre-commit run --all-files` before submitting.
- Follow the Conventional Commits specification for commit message formatting to maintain a consistent and informative commit history.

Thank you for your contribution to tokyo-night-tmux! We appreciate your effort and look forward to collaborating with you.

Commit message:

refactor: simplify theme by removing deprecated options
BREAKING CHANGE: Remove customization options to align with experimental branch

- Remove theme variants (storm, day) and transparency options
- Remove customizable terminal icons (@tokyo-night-tmux_terminal_icon)
- Remove hostname widget and related configuration
- Remove macOS workaround in music widget
- Simplify tokyo-night.tmux by hardcoding terminal icons
- Update README.md to remove deprecated sections
- Add brew tap instruction for macOS installation
- Enhance documentation with updated SECURITY.md and CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
- Improve CONTRIBUTING.md with security and conduct references

This update reduces code complexity (-109 lines) and focuses on core
functionality, following the minimalist approach from the upstream
experimental branch.

Removed options:
- @tokyo-night-tmux_theme
- @tokyo-night-tmux_transparent
- @tokyo-night-tmux_terminal_icon
- @tokyo-night-tmux_active_terminal_icon
- @tokyo-night-tmux_window_tidy_icons
- @tokyo-night-tmux_show_hostname

Users relying on these options should update their .tmux.conf accordingly.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to tokyo-night-tmux

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the tokyo-night-tmux project! We welcome contributions from the community to help improve and enhance the project. To ensure a smooth collaboration process, please follow the guidelines outlined below.

## Code of Conduct

This project adheres to the Contributor Covenant [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior via GitHub issues.

## Security

If you discover a security vulnerability, please follow our [Security Policy](SECURITY.md) for responsible disclosure.

## Before Making a Pull Request

1. **Open an Issue**: Before starting to work on a new feature or bug fix, please open an issue on the GitHub repository. This allows for discussion and helps avoid duplication of efforts. Clearly describe the problem or feature you want to address in the issue.

2. **Discuss and Assign**: Once an issue is opened, the maintainers will review it and provide feedback. If the issue is approved, it will be assigned to you, indicating that you can start working on it.

## Making a Pull Request

1. **Fork the Repository**: Fork the tokyo-night-tmux repository to your own GitHub account.

2. **Create a Branch**: Create a new branch from the `next` branch in your forked repository. Use a descriptive name for your branch that reflects the purpose of your changes.

3. **Make Changes**: Implement your changes or additions to the codebase in your branch. Ensure that your code follows the project's coding style and conventions.

4. **Pre-Commit Checks**: Before committing your changes, run the pre-commit checks to ensure your code passes all the necessary tests and checks. Run the following command:
   ```
   pre-commit run --all-files
   ```
   Make sure all pre-commit checks pass successfully.

5. **Commit Changes**: Commit your changes with a clear and descriptive commit message. Follow the Conventional Commits specification for commit message formatting. Refer to the [Conventional Commits summary](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary) for more details.

6. **Push Changes**: Push your branch to your forked repository on GitHub.

7. **Open a Pull Request**: Open a pull request from your branch to the `next` branch of the main tokyo-night-tmux repository. Provide a clear title and description for your pull request, explaining the changes you have made and referencing any related issues.

8. **Resolve Conflicts**: If your pull request has conflicts with the `next` branch, please resolve them by rebasing your branch on top of the latest `next` branch and resolving any merge conflicts that arise.

9. **Review and Feedback**: The maintainers will review your pull request and provide feedback or request changes if necessary. Please be responsive to the feedback and make the required changes.

10. **Merge**: Once your pull request has been approved and passes all the necessary checks, it will be merged into the `next` branch by the maintainers.

## Important Notes

- All pull requests must be made against the `next` branch. Pull requests made directly to the `main` branch will not be accepted.
- Ensure that your pull request does not have any conflicts with the `next` branch. Resolve any conflicts before submitting the pull request.
- Make sure your pull request passes all the pre-commit checks by running `pre-commit run --all-files` before submitting.
- Follow the Conventional Commits specification for commit message formatting to maintain a consistent and informative commit history.

Thank you for your contribution to tokyo-night-tmux! We appreciate your effort and look forward to collaborating with you.
